Midterm - Platformer

Working in teams of 4 (or 3), create a 2D platformer with a focus on level design and game feel. The player character must be rigged and animated with Idle, Run, Jump, and Damage states. Consider player space, mood, and obstacle placement. Experiment with genera expectations. Make a strong effort to retain players with a smooth difficulty curve. Include at least 1 easy, 2 medium and 1 hard level. The game should tutorialize the mechanics through gameplay and give juicy player feedback. 

This game must include all original work, no art assets. Open source or free sound is the one exception. The game must have a complete game loop, title, game over, and win screens that lets the player continue the game. The game must have sound, a way to exit, and be compatible with a standard gamepad.

Documentation:
Upload a Windows build and a MacOS or Webgl build on your Itch.io page. The Itch main page will include a written description of the game as well as screenshots of the game. One devlog post will cover game development process and playtesting. A second devlog post will be a postmortem that includes 4 sections: Successes, challenges, what you learned, and possible future revisions.

To Submit:
Upload a Windows build and either a WebGL or MacOS build along with a paragraph description on your Itch.io page and paste the link in the text submission field. Include the link to your repo as well. Everyone on the team must submit the assignment for credit. However there only needs to be one Itch page and repo per team.

Presentations:
On the due date, the beginning of class will be devoted to group presentations. Each group will have 8min to present their final game. Include, successes, setbacks, what you learned, and what you would add if you continued to work on it. Every group member must present. Include a short slide presentation and demo the game.

Milestones:
Week 1 - Design mockups, roles and tasks, working prototype.
Week 2 - Beta Build complete and ready for playtesting
Week 3 - Published and Documented

Due Date
	
Oct 28, 2022 2:00 PM
